I'll make a happy couple with you.
Are you crazy? Same.
I'm not crazy. I'm wide awake.
operations. Is this trustworthy every time? Still.
operations. You don't have to answer me early.
Think about it.
Okay? I educate the company's board of directors.
Explain the matter of Youhun clearly to everyone.
explanatory power. Can I really trust you again?
Thank you all for your hard work during this time.
Madam is ignorant.
This picture is also too blurry. It's impossible to see what the group lost.
This group of people still succeeded in losing their loneliness.
Our stocks hit a new high.
Stocks start from scratch
We also took this opportunity
According to the acquisition plan, the store
what acquisition
This was originally a major and important plan this year.
Our long-standing subsidiary
About to create a prosperous era overseas
before that
Let’s talk about our stock in Shengshiyue
Medical or something?
Everyone is very hands-on